# Future Updates for Quick Poll Creator

This file tracks requested updates, bug fixes, and improvements for the Quick Poll Creator app.

## Bugs to Fix

---

## Improvements & New Features

- [ ] if a filter lets you select multiple option, those options should be anded not ored. For instance if I select noise calcelling and built in mic, the dispalyed products should have both of those features
- [ ] When an item has a +3 more tag, there is no way to view those tags. If you press the +3 more tag, it should show all for the other tags

---

## General Notes

- [ ] The whole website shouldn't be about headsets. It's a website that ranks and filters different products. The headsets page should just be a subpage and one of the products it is rating. Add a main landing page for this site and then link the headset page and also add another product to the website.
- [ ] add an agent to this project that can be called that will reaseach a good product to be added to the site. It can then call another agent to actual implament it into the site. Find the best combination of agents to do this. Or if one agent is the best strategy do that.
- [ ] There are a lot of links that lead to nothing on amazon or to an item that is unavailable. We don't want either of those
- [ ] I think the website could use a bit more color/personality
- [ ] I will be aplying for the Amazon Product Advertising API, that will help improve this site, but I need it to be good enough first to get the approval

---

**Instructions:**
1. Add bugs, improvements, or notes as you discover them
2. Use checkboxes [ ] for items to track
3. Be specific and descriptive
4. When ready to implement, run: `@update-orchestrator update headsets-affiliate-seo`
